More important docs! (#2317)
spacedriveapp/spacedrive: docs/product/guides/quick-preview.mdx

---
index: 10
---

# Quick Preview

<Video url="/videos/Spacedrive_QuickPreview.webm" />

> Quick Preview allows you to quickly preview a file in Spacedrive, it supports a wide range of formats and growing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Quick Preview allows you to quickly preview a file in Spacedrive, it supports a wide and growing range of formats.
```

> It can be accessed by pressing the spacebar while selected on a file, a native behaviour for macOS users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be accessed by pressing the spacebar while selected on a file, as per native behaviour for macOS.
```
